capital = 2190
primary_culture = central_american
culture = british
religion = protestant
government = colonial_company
plurality = 0.1
nationalvalue = nv_liberty
literacy = 0.05
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
#vote_franschise = universal_voting
vote_franschise = none_voting
#public_meetings = yes_meeting
public_meetings = no_meeting
#press_rights = free_press
press_rights = state_press
#trade_unions = non_socialist
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
#political_parties = secret_ballots
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = no_draft
#debt_law = peonage
debt_law = serfdom      #There was slavery in Belize until it was abolished in 1838
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
#border_policy = open_borders
border_policy = closed_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies 

set_country_flag = protestant_country
set_country_flag = new_world_nation

ruling_party = JAM_liberal
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 20
	conservative = 65
	reactionary = 15
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
